Docker example using bun (#83040)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-docker/README.md

## How to use

> Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) or [bun](https://bun.com/) to bootstrap the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) or [bun](https://bun.sh/docs/cli/bun-create) to bootstrap the example:
```

pnpm create next-app --example with-docker nextjs-docker
```

```bash
bun create next-app --example with-docker nextjs-docker
```

## Using Docker

1. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) on your machine.
1. Build your container: 
    ```bash
    # For npm, pnpm or yarn
    docker build -t nextjs-docker .
    
    # For bun
    docker build -f Dockerfile.bun -t nextjs-docker .
    ```
1. Run your container: `docker run -p 3000:3000 nextjs-docker`.

You can view your images created with `docker images`.

### In existing projects

> To add support for Docker to an existing project, just copy the [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-docker/Dockerfile) into the root of the project (or [`Dockerfile.bun`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-docker/Dockerfile.bun) if you're using bun) and add the following to the `next.config.js` file:

Reviewer: Wdyt?

```suggestion
To add Docker support, copy [`Dockerfile`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-docker/Dockerfile) to the project root. If using Bun, copy [`Dockerfile.bun`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-docker/Dockerfile.bun) instead. Then add the following to next.config.js:
```

Author: Sounds way better 👍🏽

## Deploying to Google Cloud Run

1. Install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) so you can use `gcloud` on the command line.
2. Run `gcloud auth login` to log in to your account.
3. [Create a new project](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/quickstarts/build-and-deploy) in Google Cloud Run (e.g. `nextjs-docker`). Ensure billing is turned on.
4. Build your container image using Cloud Build: `gcloud builds submit --tag gcr.io/PROJECT-ID/helloworld --project PROJECT-ID`. This will also enable Cloud Build for your project.

> 5. Deploy to Cloud Run: `gcloud run deploy --image gcr.io/PROJECT-ID/helloworld --project PROJECT-ID --platform managed --allow-unauthenticated`. Choose a region of your choice.

Reviewer: Just a nit, this was ok - 

Markdown engines see a numbered list, so they put an `ol` w/ `li` children, and the numbering is handled by the browser

1.
1.

The number is almost just a decoration, this is the output from the markdown:

```
<ol>
<li></li>
<li></li>
</ol>
```

Author: Ah sorry, I didn't know that, that's quite handy. Thanks for the clarification!
